Aifei, what are you doing?
Your Highness, please respect yourself
Aifei, you misunderstood.
I see that the concubine is pale
I think it's menstruation
I happen to have something here
It can resolve your menstrual cycle
And my, uh, locker
Your Highness
This medicine
This medicine needs to be combined with my unique massage technique
Hmm to work
This massage technique is called Dead Pa
Father is here
Can I still take advantage of you?
Ning'er may wish to do something
If you dare to touch this sword
I will kill you
Sure enough, the skin is like coagulation
Attractive body fragrance
Father Emperor, this is the location of Crown Princess Dantian
Well, this requires my unique massage technique
To resolve
Otherwise, the medicine will be exhausted
Princess
It's hard to get pregnant
How does the daughter feel?
Your Majesty, I am much better
Your Highness, you should think about it
How to deal with the seriousness of the Qing Dynasty tomorrow
The shadow of the law is his heart
Well, deal with Yan Song
I have my own way
The prince is now caused by you seeing yourself
Be responsible for yourself
Children take orders
About the Army Association Fundraising Ceremony
Pay attention to love and perspective
Dizziness I Father Tianwang Excellence
His Royal Highness, for some humorous little things
Throw the annual meeting in this prison
Spiritual people are scolding you Red Bull